hey guys I'm Kim some through five here
today I will show you my Lego spaceship
that I made it's pretty cool pretty big
I guess it's about two feet long I think
I haven't really measured it but you
know you can pretty much estimate
all right so if trying to ask these guns
windshield you can see little people in
there
alright then up here has this gun thing
that can actually fire this part
actually lifts up very easily you can
see all the guys in there and there's
this guy he's the commander and that
chair I made this guy at old desk and
all the guys working on the stuff and
then there's this little door all right
so listen then just close down and up
here this is actually a transport unit
for this mining tank thing which I'll
get out and change minute
so PLC's um wait five flip fire missiles
that you can fire it has these guns that
can hold up just like that the fire and
this can whoops
you know this thing can just pop off and
then there's the mining tank which has
six wheels that can roll it's got this
crane thing that can rotate but right
now it's hanging over the edge um and
then has to satellite dish and all this
stuff cockpit
guns and mining stuff back there
and you can take it out but I'm not
going to because you know I'll show you
in another video probably so you know
just watch without me when it comes out
that's all sorry about it this
excuse me never happens all right there
it goes sort of all right so back here
Thursday the engine room this can open
up quite easily and then there there's
two droids and the engine to the ship
and that can just close back up
communications tower this hook that can
go down when you turn this this is skate
pod and I can detach it unfold so some
guy can get in there
it has these windings on either side two
of them on each side and then back here
it just has all these engines and that's
pretty much it oh yeah it has this door
that can open right here just like that
yeah so that's my little spaceship
whoops thanks for watching please rate
comment subscribe again check for the
video on that and I'll probably be doing
the video and showing you how to make my
escape pod so I'll see you guys later
and thanks for watching bye